 ---
layout: post
title: 
date: 2024-01-26
category: 2024
published: false
---
By: Bhavya Patel, Aadya Gurjar,Emily McDermottroe and Vaishnavi Vyas

Throughout this week the software teams worked on multiple different tasks.Nilesh Agarwalla a mentor of the software team. He mentioned how the team is currenly working on getting the practice tank robot ready for drive practice. Whats really interesting though is seeing if  is the software actually works in reality! The is also trying to update the software accordingly as well as trying to get it to work with the motars.

Alex and Sanjith in Desigm and CAD are proactivly colaborating together to create the arm of the robot in CAD. The most fasinating and intreging thing about CAD and Design is that the whole robot design is actually on CAD!! They are also working on CADing the quokka (the shooter). Mmebers of CAD use a software program do design the layour a=of the robot.

 This whole week Abhay has been tirlesly working on settinmg up a challenging and engaging obsticle course for a drive team pracice. Durring the drive team practice  they have members of the team operate  driving the robot in order to see who bests achieves the standrs for this demanding role. The students driving the robot must manover the robor through the cones and obsticles to reach the end.

The fabulous memebrs of Business team have been taking on many differnt tasks this week. Some of the tasks include button makimg,siter making,interviewing and bloggging!!The hardest and most time consuming task for them is button making. The team is acepted to make roughly a thousand button or more. Although button making takes up much of their time, interviewing is also a key role in order to achieve a sucesful blog!

Mechanical is integral part of this team!! As we interviewed Arnesh we were able to acumilate more information on their stratgey for assembling the robot. The most allurinng  part of this team is the hefty power tools. Some of the accomplishments of this team include creating the quokka shooter and arm. A challenge they have faced is protptyping on the bot. They are also woking on teting professions on the shooter.
